After that we have successfully made
our vote question controls working
now we can do almost the same steps
to make the vote answer control working.
But before we moving on let's commit our
changes into git repo git add all git commit -m
And then I'll push the current branch to remote repo
and now we can switch to web.php
and here let's define a new route for our vote answer
button. So route post the uri will be answers answer vote
and the action will be vote answer controller. Now let's
go back to our terminal and create new controller
by saying php artisan make controller vote
answer controller
OK
now let's open vote answer controller
import the answer namespace
and then define a constructor
and call middleware auth
and then let's define
invoke method
type-hint the answer
and here get the vote request
and then get the current user
then call vote answer pass in answer instance
and also the vote
and the last reload the page
So here we haven't defined vote answer yet
so let's open the user model
and here let's define a new method vote
answer
answer answer and then vote
And here the logic for this method is
almost the same with vote question
for now we are going to copy from this vote question
and then we'll make some adjusment
first less change all vote questions inside this method to
vote answers here we can simply select an instance
and then hit Control D to select other instances.
Now we can change them to vote answers
and then select the question instance
and change them to answer.
All right
I think that's all we need to do here for now.
Later we'll refactor our code and implement DRY principle.
But for now we just make everything work and
here we need to define down vote and up votes
Let's simply copy them in our question model.
All right
now let's switch to questions show.blade.php
And here we have vote controls fully working
So let's copy them
now let's open answers
index.blade.php
And here we can replace all of these
here let's change
the title from this question to this answer.
And then change the ID from
vote question
to vote answer and then
select the select the question
and then chance them to answer
and don't forget to change the action from questions
to answers.
OK that's it
now let's save all changes.
Switch to our browser reload
the page
let me go to all questions
and see another question.
OK I have a problem here.
The vote counts always three
Actually we need to seed the vote answer.
So let's switch over to our editor
let's open votables table seeder
And here let's remove all records from votables table
so here let's remove this where method.
And then we can copy this for each loop
paste here.
And change the question to answer change
the question instance
to answer and then change this vote question to vote answer.
Lastly let's open answer answer factory
And here let's comment this line.
Save all changes go to our terminal and
then rerun our votables table seeder
Ups I get error class answer not found.
OK here I need to import the namespace here.
Save run the seed again.
I still get the error down votes doesn't exist.
Let's see the user model
Sorry this should be an answer model.
Paste here save run the seed again. OK
no error.
Let's see reload
OK
Here the number was changed.
Now let's try to hit this vote up
It's look no different
So let me hit this button
and now the numbers decreasing.
So let me hit this button again
and now the vote increasing and I think they are working perfectly.
Great
All right so now we have vote control system that really working
we can vote up or vote down whether the question or answer.
We are also able to favorite the question
and accept the answer as the best answer.
OK with that
Let's switch over to our terminal
and commit the changes to our git repo git
commit -m  and I'm going to say "make the vote answer working"
now
I'll switch to master branch
and merge to lesson 22 branch
and then push the lesson 22 and
master branch to my remote repo.